{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 BaskOldFace;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue255
;\red128\green128\blue128 ;}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:680;h:429] =$PROJECT://7EEA7047-8F23-4B31-83CF-5F73285964E6.png\}}
\par\plain\f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx259\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ltrch\loch{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The Problem Form\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote s Structure tab lets you associate a beat sheet with your problem and match the beats in the beats sheet to Scene or Problem story elements.  }
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Story structure is the framework of your narrative, a road map for your story. A}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 lthough elements of story structure go back as far as Aristotle\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote s Poetics, the idea of a beat sheet probably began with the Three Act Play. }{\f2\fs24\b0
A beat sheet is a tool used to outline the key emotional and plot points of a stor}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 y. It breaks the story }{\f2\fs24\b0 into "beats": pivotal moments or events that drive the narrative forward}{\f2\fs24 . }{\f2\fs24\b0 Today there are many variations of beat sheets.}
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain\ltrch\loch{\f2\fs24 StoryCAD\rquote s story structure starts with the Story Problem defined in the Story Overview form, and whose Premise summarizes the entire story. Your outline can contain other Problem story elements, which are complications, subplots, and sequences. Problem story elements are plotted as a set of Scene story elements that ultimately describe them. At that level, every }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0
scene, with its conflict or value exchange, also presents a problem to be solved. Finding your story problem, and building great scenes, are discussed elsewhere. Developing the middle structure of your story is what the Problem Structure tab is about.}{\f2\fs24
 By putting a beat sheet on each problem story element, StoryCAD helps you to use them to structure your story. We recommend using simplified (\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \lquote mini\rquote ) beat sheets for subproblems, where a more complicated beat sheet can work well with the story problem (identified in the Story Overview.)}
\par\plain\f2\fs24
\par\plain{\f2\fs24 To use the Structure Tab, select a beat sheet for your problem using the Structure dropdown. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We recommend starting at the top, with the story problem which you identified for your Story Overview. }
\par\plain\f2\fs24
\par\plain{\f2\fs24 \{$SCRImageLink[w:680;h:467]=$PROJECT://E8F53F74-2D54-4943-8FC7-A3FDC1C7FC82.png\}}
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ltrch\loch\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Here\rquote s how you tie your plot-related story elements (scenes and problems) together: Pick a beat you want to identify, and click on }{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Show Problems/Scenes}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  to display a list of your outline\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2
\rquote s problems and scenes. Select the problem or scene, and drag it to the beat\rquote s drop area, the box which reads \lquote No element Selected\rquote :}
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:680;h:467]=$PROJECT://E28FED5D-6A0E-4801-A7AB-EA6D67D542AA.png\}}
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  Repeat this process to fill in as much of the beat sheet as you like.}
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Here are a few things to keep in mind:}
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 You can assign either sub-problems or scenes to a beat, and a beat sheet can contain a mixture of the two. Ultimately, you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote re going to have to draft your story from the scenes in your outline, so when you\rquote re assigning a sub-problem, you\rquote re making a promise to yourself to plot that problem into scenes as well. You can use that problem\rquote s Structure tab }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0
to do so. [NOTE: a discussion of the not-yet-written report goes here. The report should integrate the problems\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote  beat assignments.]}
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A scene can belong to more than one beat. This makes sense since a scene can and should accomplish more than one thing (refer to Purpose of Scene on the Scene form\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote s Development tab.). It is also possible to assign a scene to more than one problem, tying them together. However, you can only use a subproblem once, in one (parent) problem. }
\par\plain\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Not all beats in a beat sheet need to be used. However, when you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote re reviewing your outline, you may find that a plot hole corresponds to a beat you haven\rquote t used. Beat sheets help solve other plotting issues as well, such as lack of structure, pacing issues, weak character arcs, subplot integration, and weak endings. }
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ltrch\loch{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Remember that a beat sheet is a pattern for your plotting, and once you pick it, you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2 \rquote re freezing an aspect of your story structure. This is especially important when dealing with subplot integration.}}